I'm here now.
I'll help you.
So what's going on
between you and Rarin?
You've been spending a lot of
time together recently.
Is there going to be some kind of
sudden announcement?
Please answer the question.
We're just colleagues
in a brand campaign.
We might seem close
but it's all work.
What about the rumor that you're
already intimate?
Please answer the question.
So are you two together now?
I'm not sure how the rumor
got started.
But a rumor is a rumor.
Rumor has it
that Rarin's covering
all of your expenses.
We're just friends.
We're in talks about me
becoming the muse.
We'll keep you posted on our
future collaborations.
Okay. That's all for now.
He has somewhere else to be.
Thank you.
Is it going to kill him
to answer the question?
I don't know.
There's something between them.
Okay.
We'll be right there.
I wanted to compliment you.
You did a really good job
answering the questions.
I was surprised to hear
that you're going
to be Rarin's muse.
Says who? I didn't say that.
You said it just now.
We're in talks
about me becoming
the muse.
She's just assuming things.
What's up with you? I'm confused.
Well...
Forget it. You wouldn't
understand it anyway.
Well, gee-whiz.
Only the two of you can understand?
What is it with you and Rarin?
You don't have to tell other people,
but you can still tell me.
What? There's nothing.
- Nothing?
- What? Nothing.
Nothing at all?
That's right. Who would want to mess
around with that dreamy girl?
Dreamy?
- What!?
- Nothing.
Don't have a guilty conscience.
Hello?
Just a second.
Hey,
the dreamy girl
wants to talk to you.
Where are you going?
Don't follow me!
Would he prefer tea or coffee?
What if he doesn't want anything?
I don't want anything.
I'm sorry for bothering you.
Yes,
you're bothering me.
I don't want to bother you often.
I called you here because of work.
Work?
It's about you
being the muse for me.
Isn't that right?
Another thing,
stop assuming things.
- It's very annoying that...
- Alright.
I'm sorry.
I was just playing along.
But only because I wanted to clear
things up between us.
Why do you have to be so annoyed?
I saved you, you know?
She's right.
She saved me.
Right?
Hey,
get out of my head right now.
That's impossible.
Tan?
I'll scan the code.
Wait, Tan!
I haven't finished talking yet.
Where are you going? Wait for me.
Stop following me.
But the press already thinks that
you're ready to be my muse.
Only because you made me say so.
Besides, you controlled my lips.
You were the one
that said we're still in talks.
You're a newcomer to the industry
so you might not know yet.
But it's called
indirect confirmation.
And the press
was fine with the interview.
Isn't it good
that you're changing
your image for the better?
You sly fox.
It's called being a visionary.
Is this my life or yours?
I'm starting to wonder.
I'd also like to know
what made you hate me this much.
It was never like this in the past.
Let's just say that
I have my own reasons.
From now on, let's stay out of
each other's business.
But I've only just met you.
You used to comfort me
when I was sad.
You used to be the prince on
a white horse who would save me.
But look at you now,
you're rude.
You're inconsiderate.
You try to make
other people hate you.
Hold on. You're probably assuming
that I'm that kind of person.
Why don't you let other people know
that side of yours?
Why don't you let me
do something for you?
Why do you have to push me away?
Hey, watch out!
I'll think about it.
Really?
- Alright. I'm going now.
- Wait!
Are you free today?
I saved you.
Rin.
What on earth are you wearing?
Well,
you told me to come in disguise.
So here I am.
I told you to come in disguise
so that you wouldn't
attract attention.
But isn't this going to attract even
more attention?
Here.
No one will recognize me now.
Come on.
What?
Hey, wait up!
When you said we were
going shopping,
I thought you meant to shop for
clothes, shoes, or bags.
I didn't think you were going to
shop for traditional fabrics.
Because you're part of
our brand's image.
This year, the French Embassy
is organizing a charity auction with
the Thai Textile Society.
They're inviting
lots of celebrities.
So I came here to look
for some fabric for the outfit
that you're going to wear there.
Hmm?
No, I don't want to.
I think this yellow color suits you.
You can't just agree on everything.
Why not?
Who came up with the rule that
men must wear dark colors
and women must wear sweet tones?
Any gender can wear whatever
color they want.
I'm not talking about the color.
Just give it up.
At the moment, you don't know
how much
of a sucker I am.
So...
Do you know that Thai silk
is very high quality?
But people often overlook it.
Just like you.
You like to overlook yourself.
What fabric is that, Rung?
It's so old-fashioned.
Old-fashioned?
This is silk.
It's traditional Thai wisdom.
The fabric is fluffy,
soft,
and weighty.
It is timeless, Tan.
You always overlook
the quality of things,
just like how you overlook yourself.
This again, Rung?
You know I'm such a loser.
Come on.
You might not see your own worth.
But one day,
someone will see you like I do.
Understand?
Mmm.
Tan?
Can you help me choose the fabric?
Mmm.
- Hello, Kan.
- Hello, Rarin.
There.
Are you also here to pick out
some Thai fabrics?
No, I'm just here to observe.
Do you like this one?
I do.
I think it's going to look
very beautiful as a suit.
A suit?
Oh.
A suit for Tanthai.
So the rumor about him
being the muse
is true?
So you brought him here
to pick out the fabric in person.
- Hello, Kan.
- Hello, Tanthai.
Is that your new look?
Or maybe this is...
...the new look for Rarin Couture.
It's not.
I just wanted him to try dressing
in different styles
to find out what works for him.
I initially thought it was
some kind of out-of-this-world
fashion experiment.
But I'm looking forward to seeing
your work at the Thai textile event.
I'm looking forward
to seeing yours too.
I hope you get the highest bid,
just like all the other years.
No matter how much we earn
from these charity events,
we usually return it to society.
If you think this piece of fabric
will look nice as a suit,
then you should
use it to make a suit.
I'd like to see
Tanthai wear it as well.
You're giving it to me?
That's right.
I'm only here to observe.
Besides,
my brand
only uses custom handmade
Thai fabric.
I have to excuse myself now.
I have to catch a flight to New York
this evening.
Next time we meet, I hope to see Tan
dressed like this again.
I'll see you later.
So is he complimenting my outfit?
There's a lovely cafe around here.
Let's take a rest first.
Once we've rested, I'd like to look
for some buttons.
This still isn't enough?
This is just the beginning.
If you know that you're going
shopping with a girl,
you have to be mentally prepared.
Mmm!
Now that you know,
then let's get going!
- Rin!
- No!
Eh!?
I haven't even said anything.
Wait until I'm finished.
I haven't even brought out the ring.
Porche, you've probably proposed to
me 100 times already.
It's good that you're here alone.
If you brought a flash mob
like at the graduation,
you're dead.
Are you crazy? Who would do that?
You're so funny!
It's like you have a sixth sense.
By the way, hon...
Porsche, can you stop
calling me "hon"?
Well, I...
I'm used to it.
Can't you make an exception?
Do you want me to start calling you
"Mr. Porsche?"
You're bullying me.
I deferred my degree so I could
graduate with you.
We're the same age now.
I'll feel old if you call me mister.
What kind of logic is this?
Anyway, how did you know
that I was here?
I know everything about you, Rin.
Oh, hey!
I just saw you! How are you doing?
- You just saw me?
- Yes.
Why are you here together?
Don't tell me you're on a date.
Think what you want.
I came to buy Thai fabrics
for the event at the French Embassy.
I asked him to help carry
some things for me.
Oh, it's about work.
So he's the bellboy?
Is this a hotel?
Anyway, I'm also going to
that event.
But I haven't gotten an outfit yet.
Can you help me with that?
As for the stuff you bought,
it's a piece of cake.
I'll make a call to have them
delivered to your studio.
Then,
you can take these,
Bro.
Bye.
Tan! Tanthai!
- How am I going to get home?
- You can come with me.
See?
And who's that? Tong Twopee?
He's not.
Hey, Southside, baby!
Whoa.
It looks like it's going to rain.
You'd be in trouble if you had to
carry everything by yourself.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
- Hello, Rin.
- Hello.
Hello.
Rin, what's wrong?
Are you sick?
Do you have a fever?
It's nothing. I'm probably
just not getting enough sleep.
As always.
Once you've finished, take some
medicine and rest.
Alright?
Come on!
Get some rest, okay?
Mmm!
Mmm! No need to be embarrassed.
Rin?
What about a kiss goodbye?
Darn.
Hmph, really?
Mai, I'll stay at the condo tonight.
I'm not coming home.
Alright. I know.
You've been staying over at
the condo a lot lately.
Are you trying to stay close
to someone?
Don't stir the pot.
And that Thai textile gala,
I didn't know
that I have to be there.
How did you find out
about it so quickly?
Of course, you're close to Rin.
Well, you always accept jobs
without my knowledge.
Well, I'm your manager.
I have to accept jobs for you.
If I ask you, you'd refuse.
How do you know that I'd refuse?
Oh my gosh,
don't tell me you're
interested in going?
Are my ears playing tricks on me?
I wasn't saying that.
Can't I become
interested in Thai textiles?
Now that's news.
You never said so before.
How come you're interested
all of a sudden?
Actually, it's just...
She reminds me of Rung.
Mmm. I understand how you feel.
How is Rung doing today?
She's sleeping peacefully as always.
Then,
I'm going to bed now.
Please take care of the house.
Okay. Look after yourself.
Anyway, I'm not sure if the shoot
will be canceled or not tomorrow.
I heard there's going to be a storm.
I'll tell you if it gets canceled.
Okay.
- Later, then.
- Bye.
Our brother is growing up.
Tan!
Help me!
Is that you, Rin?
Tan.
Rin?
Tanthai, please help me.
Help me.
Hang in there, Rin.
I'm coming to see you.
Tan.
- I can't take it anymore.
- Rin!
Rin, can you hear me?
Help.
Hello?
Porsche, go help Rin. Quick.
Hang in there, Rin.
Rin?
Good morning!
You're up?
How are you doing?
Are you hungry?
- I'm not.
- I've brought you some fruit.
Are you thirsty? Just tell
me if you need anything.
Let me check your fever.
Mmm.
No fever.
You'll be able to go home soon.
Mmm.
It's probably the lack of sleep.
The world is spinning.
Exactly.
What are you laughing about?
It's deja vu, just like
when we're studying.
Pulling an all-nighter,
being sleep deprived,
the world spinning,
and then passing out.
Eat up.
Why are we reminiscing now?
How did I get here?
You still don't know.
Last night, you were
unconscious at your studio.
I was so worried.
You brought me to the hospital?
Of course. Who else if it's not me?
Rin!
Well, it's nothing.
How come you came to help me?
I thought you went home.
Because it's you.
I know everything about you.
Where you are, what you're doing,
and what time you'll be home.
No matter what, I'll always come
to see you.
You're exaggerating.
Eat up.
Come on. Would you like some grapes?
Mmm.
Eat up.
I'll be right back. Just a sec.
Where are you going?
Miss me already?
I don't have to go
if you want me to stay.
Just go wherever you want.
Ouch.
Rin's overworked and sleep-deprived.
So she's got vertigo.
She'll be able to go home tomorrow.
That's good.
Good thing
I called the right person.
That's right.
You called the right person.
I can look after Rin.
Don't you think she's lovely?
Hmm?
Everyone close to her
always says she is.
You've been working together a lot.
But don't overthink it.
It's all about work.
How do you know?
Do you think I can't see it?
You're in love with Rin.
Me? In love with Rin?
If there's nothing else,
I have to go now.
I don't want you going near
her anymore.
Her life is chaotic enough as it is.
It's gotten more chaotic
since she met you.
I hope you understand.
Then please take care of her.
Don't let this become a
burden on me again.
Excuse me,
this is a hospital. Please be quiet.
Kids these days have
no common sense.
See? You're annoying.
You're annoying.
You're a jerk, don't you know that?
- You're an even bigger jerk.
- You're the jerk.
I'm handsome.
I'm a model and an actor.
I'm also a scarecrow.
Isn't that cool?
How can you be proud of that?
It's my nickname from the press.
Do you have one? Oh, you don't.
I'm rich!
You're not rich.
Your dad is.
How do you know that?
Rin's told me everything about you.
I know everything.
You...
rich kid.
Hold on.
Another thing.
How did you know that Rin was
in a bad state?
Tan!
You're here.
I've been looking for you.
Take it. You forgot it again.
Take it. Come on.
Oh?
Hello, rich kid.
What a coincidence.
The nurse is looking for you.
Where have you been?
I bumped into this guy.
Whatever.
Don't forget what we talked about.
What did you talk about?
It's nothing. Let's go home.
Wait.
You asked me to bring you here, but
you're not going to see a doctor?
Well, I feel better now.
You little...
Rin!
I've brought some clothes
for you to change into.
There you are.
Pick whichever one you like.
Porsche, are you crazy? Why so many?
I'd like you to be
the most beautiful patient.
Choose one.
- Can I take your blood pressure?
- Please.
- I'm sorry about the clothes rack.
- It's okay.
How are you feeling?
Better.
You'll be able to go home soon.
Mmm.
- Please stretch out your arm.
- Okay.
Excuse me.
What are you looking at, Porsche?
Straighten your arm, please.
You'll feel it getting tight.
- Porsche.
- Hmm?
After this, I'd like
to get some rest.
You can go home, okay?
- Rin, but I think I should...
- Porsche,
I'm sick.
Alright. You can call me anytime.
Mmm.
Nurse,
please look after my future wife.
Of course.
I'm happy for you that you have
someone who worries about you.
All good. Your blood pressure
is normal.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Where are you?
I'm on set.
Oh, right.
Sorry. Am I bothering you?
Is something the matter?
Last night, when it was raining,
did you hear anything?
I don't think so.
I went to bed early.
Really?
But you called me
so many times last night.
Is there anything else?
I have to get back to work now.
Oh, there's nothing else. Just go.
Here.
I don't want any.
Let's go home.
You little...
Pay me for the water.
Pay me for the water
and my effort too.
I'm tired.
- Mai.
- What now?
I won't wear Rarin's
clothing anymore.
Huh?
Are you still sick?
Your brain's on the fritz. Should
you go back and see the doctor?
I said,
I won't wear
Rarin's clothing anymore.
(Available tomorrow? I want to talk
about being the muse and contract.)
Mai.
I don't want to be
your mannequin anymore.
I won't wear
your clothes ever again.
This is the contract I sent
for you to look over.
I told you that I won't wear
Rarin's clothes anymore.
It's good to be Rarin's muse.
The pay is great too.
- How could you let it pass by?
- No!
You're such a good actor.
Rin will probably
start to hate you now.
Maybe it's my own misunderstanding
that you're the prince.
Actually, no.
That you could become
a better person.